administeredBy,acronym,name,summaryOnly,flat,ontologyType,@id,@type,links,@context


Informed Consent Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICO
Dementia-Related Psychotic Symptoms Non-Pharmacological Treatment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DRPSNPTO
Saba Noor
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MRS
GeoSpecies Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GEOSPECIES
Time Event Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEO
3-Step Theory of suicide
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/THREE-ST
Ontology Metadata Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMV
Netflix Class Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NETFLIX
Translational Medicine Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TMO
Ontology of Precision Medicine and Investigation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPMI
Open Predictive Microbiology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OFSMR
Molgula occulta Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOOCCUADO
Arctic Data Center Academic Disciplines Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADCAD
Life Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LIFO
Material Compound
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MATRCOMPOUND
AGRonomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AGRO
Cancer Staging Terms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CST
Regional Healthcare System Interoperability and Information Exchange Measurement Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HEIO
Radiology Gamuts Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GAMUTS
Epigenome Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EGO
ISO 19115 Role Codes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115ROLES
Infectious Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDO
MARC Code List for Relators
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MARC-RELATORS
VODANA-MIGRANTS-INTERVIEWS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANA-MI
Chronic Disease Patient Education Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CDPEO
Artificial Intelligence Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AIO
FNS-Harmony
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FNS-H
FlyBase Controlled Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-CV
Illness and Injury
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ILLNESSINJURY
Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Dysfunction Ontlogy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFDYS
Read Clinical Terminology Version 2
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RCTV2
SmartPITeS Proyect Ontology for Complex Chronic Patients
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SP_ONTOLOGY
Mouse gross anatomy and development, timed
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EMAPA
Horridge Test Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HTO
Public health ont
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHONT
Bilingual Ontology of Alzheimer's Disease and Related Diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOAD
Tissue Microarray Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TMA
HIVMutation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIVMT
HIVOntologymain.owl
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIVO004
Treatment of Childbearing-age Women with Epilepsy 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TOCWWE
Semanticscience Integrated Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SIO
Protein Modification Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSIMOD
Roxy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ROXY
Resource of Asian Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (RAPID) Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RPO
Biomedical Informatics Research Network Project Lexicon
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIRNLEX
CTU Bern BEReady Gemeinden
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTU_BEREADY_GEM
Children's Health Exposure Analysis Resource
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEAR
Pathway Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PW
Plant Breeding Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PBO
Data Collection Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GDCO
CHEMROF
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEMROF
HPO - ORDO Ontological Module
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HOOM
Bacterial interlocked Process ONtology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIPON
Molecular Interactions
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MI
Ctenophore Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTENO
Glioblastoma
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GBM
Ontology for Genetic Susceptibility Factor
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGSF
Relations Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBOREL
Radiomics Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RO
Non-coding RNA Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCRO
Molgula occidentalis Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOOCCIADO
PhenomeBLAST Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHENOMEBLAST
Ontology for Parasite LifeCycle
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPL
BioPortal Metadata Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BP-METADATA
CrossRef Funder Registry
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XREF-FUNDER-REG
Biofilm Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIFO
EDDA Study Designs Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EDDA
postpartum depression ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PARTUMDO
vfb_drivers
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VFB_DRIVERS
KB_Bio_101
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AURA
ICHOM Set Pregnancy and Childbirth
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICHOM-PROMS-PCB
General Formal Ontology for Biology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFO-BIO
Next Generation Biobanking Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NGBO
Family Health History Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FHHO
Ontology of Data Mining Investigations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODM-KDD
Friend of a Friend Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FOAF
Web Annotation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OA
Ontology for General Medical Science
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGMS
Mental Health Management Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MHMO
Alzheimer Disease Relevance Ontology by Process
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AD-DROP
Payor
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PAYOR
TempO
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEMPO
Biomedical Resource Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRO
Neurologic Examination Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEO
Psychology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APAONTO
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HP_O
ISO 19110 Methodology for Feature Cataloguing
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19110
Contributor Role Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CRO
Social Prescribing Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOCPRES
Evidence Graph Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EVI
Nurse Transitional
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TRANS
M4M19 Subjects
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/M4M19-SUBS
Plant Trait Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PTO
Molecular Process Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOP
Breast cancer screening recommendation ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCSR-ONTO
M4M.21 FAIRWare Variables
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/M4M-21-VARIABLES
Dementia-Related Emotional And Mood Disturbance Non-Pharmacological Treatment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DREAMDNPTO
Presence Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PREO
Bioentities
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BE
Mouse Experimental Design Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDO
Simple Measurement Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SIMON
Ontology of Arthropod Circulatory Systems
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OARCS
Biological interlocked Process Ontology for metabolism
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIPOM
Pregnancy Information Needs Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PINO
Timebank Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TIMEBANK
Pre-eclampsia Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PE-O
Cognitive Atlas Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COGAT
Health Level Seven Reference Implementation Model, Version 3
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HL7
Doremus List of Keys
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DOREMUS-KEYS
ENVS variables
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ENVS_VARIABLES
Cognitive Paradigm Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COGPO
test1
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TESTEX
Feature Annotation Location Description Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FALDO
Upper-Level Cancer Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CANONT
Cell Culture Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCONT
Ontological Knowledge Base Model for Cystic Fibrosis
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOKBCF
Platynereis Developmental Stages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDUMDV
Digital Health Technologies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ODHT
ISO 19115 Constraints Information
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115CON
Interlinking Ontology for Biological Concepts
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IOBC
Epilepsy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPILONT
Experimental Factor Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EFO
Traditional Medicine Other Factors Value Set
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-OTHER-FACTORS
RegenBase ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RB
FAST (Faceted Access of Subject Terminology) Chronological Facet
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAST-CHRONO
Epilepsy Semiology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPISEM
Disorders cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APADISORDERS
Knowledge Object Reference Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/KORO
NCoD
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCOD
Viral Disease Ontology Trunk
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VDOT
Genomic Clinical Decision Support Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GENE-CDS
PatientSafetyOntology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSO
Lepidoptera Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LEPAO
Social Inset Behavior Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SIBO
Assessment of Indian Economy During Covid-19 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INBANCIDO
International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICF
Loggerhead Nesting Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LHN
Parasite Experiment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PEO
VODANATERMS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANA-GENERAL
Food Matrix for Predictive Microbiology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FMPM
MHC Restriction Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MHCRO
OPD-Ethiopia
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPDE
HMIS LAB 011 5
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HMISLAB0115
The Prescription of Drugs Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDRO
VODANA-COVIDTERMS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANACOVID
Variation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VARIO
IndianBiodiversity
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IBIO
Semantic Sensor Network Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SSN
Ontology of Glucose Metabolism Disorder
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGMD
Enhanced Personal Profile Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/E-PPO
Ontology of Clinical Research
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCRE
Databank Family Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DFO
The Extensible Observation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBOE
ISO-15926-2_2003_annotations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO-ANNOTATIONS
FAST (Faceted Application of Subject Terminology) FormGenre facet
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAST-FORMGENRE
Traditional Medicine Signs and Symptoms Value Set
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-SIGNS-AND-SYMPTS
Clinical MetaData Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CMDO
Phylogenetics Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHAGE
ASPECT: wind energy vAriableS, ParametErs and ConsTants
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ASPECT
apalegal
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LEGALAPATEST2
Thesaurus for long-term ecological research, monitoring, experiments
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ENVTHES
Diabetes Mellitus Treatment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DMTO
Fire Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FIRE
ANC
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ANC
Quantities, Units, Dimensions and Types (QUDT Version 2.1)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/QUDT2-1
Phallusia mammillata Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHMAMMADO
Ontology for Geography Markup Language (GML3.0)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GML
Adherence and Integrated Care
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADHER_INTCARE_EN
Glycomics Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GLYCO
Schema.org core and all extension vocabularies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SCHEMA
Randomized Controlled Trials Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RCTONT
Ontology of Physics for Biology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPB
Plant Anatomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PAE
HIV ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIV
Medical Web Lifestyle Aggregator
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MWLA
Ontology of Craniofacial Development and Malformation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCDM
ISO 639-2: Codes for the Representation of Names of Languages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO639-2
Precision Medicine Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PREMEDONTO
Functional Epilepsy Nomenclature for Ion Channels
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FENICS
Technical Taxonomies for Patents
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATAXO
Fernald Community Cohort N
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FCC1
APA Statistical Cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APASTATISTICAL
Material Rock
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MATRROCK
Infrastructure
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INFRA-EN
Drug Database for Inborn Errors of Metabolism (DDIEM) Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DDIEM
Knowledge Graph Change Language
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/KGCL
Control de Cacao
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AGROMOP
Quantities, Units, Dimensions and Types (QUDT) Schema - Version 2.0
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/QUDT2
Spider Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SPD
Cancer Chemoprevention Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CANCO
Ontology of Medically Related Social Entities
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMRSE
Ontology of Biological Attributes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBA
Taxonomy for Rehabilitation of Knee Conditions
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TRAK
Ontology for Drug Discovery Investigations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DDI
Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities Terminology (MedDRA)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDDRA
Fall Risk Management Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FRMO
Core Ontology for Biology and Biomedicine
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COB
ISO 19115 Metadata Information
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115MI
GoMapMan
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GMM
Visualized Emotion Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VEO
Situation-Based Access Control Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SITBAC
Physico-Chemical Process
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REX
NMR-Controlled Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NMR
MyOntoServiceFull_FallDetection
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FALL
NeuralReprogrammingOntology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NRO
OntoPsychia, social module
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOPSYCHIA
test_cbi
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEST_CBI
Zebrafish Developmental Stages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZFS
Menelas Project Top-Level Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TOP-MENELAS
FOBI (Food-Biomarker Ontology)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FOBI
Comparative Data Analysis Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CDAO
Biologie Hors Nomenclature
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BHN
STO
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CVAO
Planarian Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PLANP
ISO 19115 Codelists
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115PR
Mosquito Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TGMA
Forest Observatory Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FOO
Phallusia fumigata Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHFUMIADO
Confidence Information Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CIO
testiiii1
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ASDF
Radiation Oncology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ROO
NIH NLM Value Sets
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NLMVS
Interaction Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IXNO
Ontology of Nuclear Toxicity
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOTOXNUC
Salmon Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SALMON
VODANA-MIGRANTS-PRESS ARTICLES
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANA-MPA
Preposition_enabled Spatial Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PESONT
Ontology of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, all modules
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOPARON
Radiation Biology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RBO
National Drug Data File
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NDDF
Cell Ontology for Human Lung Maturation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LUNGMAP_H_CELL
Influenza Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FLU
Metagenome and Microbes Environmental Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEO
International Classification of Diseases, Version 9 - Clinical Modification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD9CM
Venom Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CU-VO
Cerrado concepts and plant community dynamics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCON
SPAR DataCite Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DATACITE
Halocynthia roretzi Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HAROREADO
International Classification for Nursing Practice
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICNP
PMO Playing Speed Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMO-SPEED
Protein Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PR
Test NXDX
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NXDX
The Ontology for Biomedical Investigation based Inner Ear Electrophysiology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBI_IEE
Ciona savignyi Anatomy and Development Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CISAVIADO
IAML Medium of Performance Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IAML-MOP
BioModels Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIOMODELS
Bone Dysplasia Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BDO
G Protein-Coupled Receptor BioAssays Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BAO-GPCR
Diabetes Pharmacology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DPCO
National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIHSS
Long Covid Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LONGCOVID
Histological Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HO
Bioinformatics Web Service Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBIWS
Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ATC
Ontology of amyotrophic  lateral sclerosis, social module
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOPARON_SOCIAL
FAST (Faceted Application of Subject Terminology) Event Facet
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAST-EVENT-SKOS
OWL-Time
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TIME
Ontology of RNA Sequencing
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ORNASEQ
GeoSPARQL
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GEOSPARQL
Minimal Anatomical Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MAT
Minimal Standard Terminology of Digestive Endoscopy, French
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSTDE-FRE
Traditional Medicine Constitution Value Set
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-CONST
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMR
Surgical Secondary Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SSE
Chemical Entities of Biological Interest Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEBI
IDG gene list
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDG_GL
FuTRES Ontology of Vertebrate Traits
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FOVT
Biomedical Topics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BMT
Ontology for Biobanking
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBIB
BirthOnto: Birth Data Analysis
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIRTHONTO
GlycoConjugate Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GLYCOCOO
ISO 19115 Extent Information
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115EX
Genotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GENO
Ontology for Nutritional Epidemiology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONE
Fungal Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAO
Nanbyo Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NANDO
Behaviour Change Technique Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCTT
Quantities, Units, Dimensions, and Types Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/QUDT
Ontology of Core Data Mining Entities
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODM-CORE
NOMEN - A nomenclatural ontology for biological names
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NOMEN
RNRMU
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RNRMU
Ontology of Host-Pathogen Interactions
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OHPI
Biological Collections Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCO
Measurement Method Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MMO
mass spectrometry cross-linking and derivatization reagents
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XLMOD
M4M.20 FAIRWare Subjects
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/M4M-20-SUBJECTS
IDEM: wInD Energy Models Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDEM
Tick Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TADS
DICOM Controlled Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCM
Anatomic Pathology Lexicon
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATHLEX
Xenopus Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XAO
Guideline Provenance
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/G-PROV
Eagle-I Research Resource Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ERO
Occupation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCCO
C. elegans Phenotype Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WB-PHENOTYPE
OPD Regitry Ethiopia
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPDRE
Persian Medicine Diseases Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMD
EDAM - Bioscientific data analysis ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EDAM
Gene Expression Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GEXO
Thyroid Cancer Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TCO
Computational Neuroscience Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CNO
Chronic Kidney Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CKDO
Ontology for the Anatomy of the Insect SkeletoMuscular system
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AISM
VODANAINSNAMES
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INSNAME
Autism Spectrum Disorder Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ASDPTO
Mosquito Vector Association Ontology with Biocontrol Agents
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MVAONT
Gender Identity
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GENDER
Invasion Biology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INBIO
The FoodOn Food Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FOODON
Microbial Typing Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TYPON
Provisional Cell Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PCL
Indian Biodiversity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IBD
Chemical Information Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEMINF
emergência
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOS
Pulmonary Embolism Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PE
Digital Forensic
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SK
COVID-19 Common Datamodel
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GECCO
General Formal Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFO
Biological Imaging Methods Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FBbi
The Oral Health and Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OHD
Rat Strain Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RS
Human Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DOID
Ontology of units of Measure
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OM
Clusters of Orthologous Groups (COG) Analysis Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CAO
Human Developmental Anatomy Ontology, timed version
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EHDA
Ontology of chemically concrete, composable DNA, RNA, and protein residue and crosslinks
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BPFORMS
Melanoma Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MELO
HGeneCodonOntology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HCODONONT
Compositional Dietary Nutrition Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CDNO
Simulation Delivery and Documentation Deviations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SD3
Congenital Heart Defects Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHD
FoodGroupNHNS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FGNHNS
NGS ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NGSONTO
Biological and Environmental Research Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BERO
Minimal Information about any Sequence (MIxS) Controlled Vocabularies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIXSCV
Pathogen Host Interaction Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHIPO
Ontology of Adverse Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OAE
International Classification of Primary Care - 2 PLUS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICPC2P
Radiation Oncology Structures Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ROS
EDDA Publication Types Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EDDA_PT
Dublin Core
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DC
Reference Sequence Annotation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RSA
Neuropsychological Integrative Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIO
PharmGKB Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHARMGKB
Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance Quality Assessment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CMR-QA
Data Catalog Vocabulary (DCAT)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCAT-FDC
RDL
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RDL
AdaLab ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADALAB
Pharmacogenomic Relationships Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHARE
The COVID-19 Infectious Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDO-COVID-19
Educational Cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APAEDUCLUSTER
ISO 19115 Distribution Information
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115DI
symptomatic treatment of multiple sclerosis ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/STMSO
XEML Environment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XEO
Robert Hoehndorf Version of MeSH
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RH-MESH
EpilepsyOntology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPIO
NIST Genome Editing Lexicon
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIST_GEL
Combined Ontology for Inflammatory Diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COID
Tribolium Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TRON
Archana Patel
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATEL
COVID-19 Surveillance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COVID19
Functional Therapeutic Chemical Classification System
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FTC
Cereal Plant Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GRO-CPGA
RADx Tiger Team Missing Value Reasons
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RADXTT-MVREASONS
Amino Acid Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AMINO-ACID
GoFair M4M
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFF-M4M
VODANA MIGRANTS VOCABULARY
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANA-MIGRANTS
EmpowerBP
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EBP
Solanaceae Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SPTO
World Health Organization (WHO) Adverse Reaction Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WHO-ART
Whole-cell modeling ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WC
FAST (Faceted Application of Subject Terminology) Title Facet
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAST-TITLE
Bleeding History Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BHO
Mammalian Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MP
Mammalian Feeding Muscle Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MFMO
Mammography screening recommendation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSR
Defen
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MRO
Nurse Administrator
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADMIN
CYTOKINE
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CYTO
CIDOC Conceptual Reference Model
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CIDOC-CRM
Integration and Implementation Sciences Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/I2SV
BioPAX Ontology of Biological Pathways
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BP
DECIDE ONTOLOGY
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DECIDE
Intelligence Task Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ITO
Atherosclerotic Cerebrovascular Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ACVD_ONTOLOGY
Microbial Culture Collection Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCCV
National Cancer Institute Thesaurus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCIT
ISO 19115
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115
Artificial Intelligence Rheumatology Consultant System Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AI-RHEUM
Scientific Evidence and Provenance Information Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SEPIO
Nurse Surgical
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SURGICAL
Master Drug Data Base Clinical Drugs
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MDDB
Health & Social Person-centric Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HSPO
Livestock Product Trait Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LPT
Environment Ontology for Livestock
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EOL
OPTImAL: An ontology for patient adherence modeling in physical activity domain
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPTIMAL
Coding Symbols for a Thesaurus of Adverse Reaction Terms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COSTART
Genetic Feature Format Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFFO
Microbial Conditions Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCO
Liver Case Ontology (LiCO)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LICO
Asthma Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AO
Skin Physiology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SPO
VODANA Migrants
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MNV
Svu ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MWS22
Ocular Immune-Mediated Inflammatory Diseases Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCIMIDO
Plant Experimental Assay Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PEAO
Microarray and Gene Expression Data Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MO
Non-Randomized Controlled Trials Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NONRCTO
WHO COVID-19 Rapid Version CRF semantic data model
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COVIDCRFRAPID
Medical image simulation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OntoVIP
trasformative machine learning metadata
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TML
The Amphioxus Development and Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AMPHX
Alzheimer's disease ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADO
OSIRIS-REx sample type
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OREX-SAM
CARRE Risk Factor ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CARRE
Project ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PROJ
OntoDM-core/algorithms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODM-ALGORITHM
HIVCompoundRels
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIVCRS
Regulation of Gene Expression Ontolology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REXO
Bone and Cartilage Tissue Engineering Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCTEO
Tour Danau Toba
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TDT
Dengue Fever Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDODEN
Homeostasis imbalance process ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HOIP
Medaka Developmental Stages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OLATDV
Logical Observation Identifier Names and Codes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LOINC
Ontology for Genetic Disease Investigations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGDI
Drosophila Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DPO
Ontology of Drug Adverse Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ODAE
Study Cohort Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SCO
Human Microbiome Associated Disease Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HMADO
HUGO Gene Nomenclature
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HGNC
Pseudogene
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/pseudo
CEDAR Value Sets
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CEDARVS
Mapping of Epilepsy Ontologies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEPO
NeuroMorpho.Org brain region ontologies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NMOBR
Disease Drivers Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DISDRIV
Mouse Pathology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MPATH
Human Physiology Simulation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HUPSON
Immunogenetics Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IMGT-ONTOLOGY
Relation familiales
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TP_REL_FAM
ZonMw Generic Terms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZONMW-GENERIC
Ontology of Laboratory Animal Medicine
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OLAM
The Ontology of Information System on Mortality
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOSIM
Ontology for MicroRNA Target
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMIT
Medical Subject Headings
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MESH
MomCareVocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOMCARE
Machine Learning Methodology Taxonomy Mapping
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MLTX
AdaLab-meta ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADALAB-META
Biological Observation Matrix Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIOMO
RNA Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RNAO
Vaccine Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VO
HierarchicalDMProcessOnto
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HDMPONTO
Semantic DICOM Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SEDI
MIAPA Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIAPA
Experimental Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EXON
Cell Line Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CLO
Homelessness and Clinical Data Recording
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HCDR
opd_test
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPDT
Cell Line Ontology [by Mahadevan]
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCCL
Ontology of Geographical Region
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGR
Zebrafish Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZFA
Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HCPCS
International Classification of Diseases, Version 10 - Clinical Modification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD10CM
Ontology of Organizational Structures of Trauma centers and Trauma systems
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OOSTT
Drug Interaction and Evidence Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DIDEO
Physico-Chemical Methods and Properties
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FIX
cohsi2termsweekx
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COHSI2TERMSWEEKX
Injury Types
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INJURYTYPES
Drosophila Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-DV
repository
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REPOS
GlycoRDF
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GLYCORDF
Hymenoptera Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HAO
International Classification of Diseases, Version 10 - Procedure Coding System
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD10PCS
Plant Structure Development Stage
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSDS
Lipid Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LIPRO
Placental Genetic Variance
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATGV
Clinical Measurement Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CMO
Ontology of Vaccine Adverse Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OVAE
Metagenome Sample Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSV
International Classification of Diseases, Version 10
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD10
Library of Congress Media Types Scheme
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LC-MEDIA
Brain Tumour Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BTO_ONTOLOGY
Environment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ENVO
Pregnancy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PREGONTO
RxNORM
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RXNORM
Computer Retrieval of Information on Scientific Projects Thesaurus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CRISP
OBO Metadata Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMO
VODANAUGANDA
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANAUGANDA
ISO 19115 Topic Categories
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115TCC
BRENDA Tissue and Enzyme Source Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BTO
Clinical smell and taste disorders
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CSTD
Minimum PDDI Information Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MPIO
Gene Regulation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GRO
Toxic Process Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TXPO
Biodiversity Thesaurus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIODIVTHES
Modern Science Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MODSCI
I-ADOPT Framework Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/I-ADOPT
Halocynthia aurantium Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HAAURAADO
Ciona intestinalis Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CIINTEADO
Medical Error Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDEON
Malaria Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDOMAL
Cell Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CL
Biological Pathway Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BPT
Teleost Taxonomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TTO
Interviewee Type
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INTVEETYPE
Holistic Ontology of Rare Diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HORD
Pediatric Consultation and Monitoring Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PCMO
Control y Monitoreo de afecciones en los cultivos
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AGROCYMAC
CPTAC Proteomics Pipeline Infrastructure Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPTAC
ROCK-N-ROLL-TEST
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ROCKNROLLTEST
ZonMW COVID-19
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZONMW-CONTENT
M4M.21 FAIRWare Subjects
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/M4M-21-SUBJECTS
Exercise Medicine Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EXMO
Myocardial Infarction Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIO
HHEAR Value Sets
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HHEARVS
Human Interaction Network Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HINO
Taxonomic Rank Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TAXRANK
Vertebrate Homologous Organ Group Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VHOG
eLTER Controlled Lists
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ELTER_CL
Metadata Authority Description Schema in RDF
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MADS-RDF
Cancer Care: Treatment Outcome Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCTOO
ISO-15926-2_2003_entityMembership
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ENTITY
Parkinson and Movement Disorder Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMDO
Computer Assisted Brain Injury Rehabilitation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CABRO
Web-Service Interaction Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WSIO
clinical LABoratory Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LABO
Disease core ontology applied to Rare Diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HRDO
Phenotypic Quality Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATO
Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTCAE
Ascomycete Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APO
National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Organismal Classification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCBITAXON
Microbial Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MPO
Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Subcellular Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFSUBCELL
The State of Alaska's Salmon and People Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SASAP
RDA Mode of Issuance
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RDA-ISSUANCE
Collembola Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CLAO
FISH Archaeological Sciences Thesaurus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FISH-AST
Health Surveillance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HSO
Data harmonization ontology for cross border malaria surveillance 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IRDG
Dietary lifestyle ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DILON
Brain Region & Cell Type terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRCT
Nurse triage
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TRIAGE
WikiPathways
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WIKIPATHWAYS
Alzheimer Disease Map Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADMO
PMO Precision Medicine Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMAPP-PMO
TEST_A
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEST_A
NND_Neuropathological_Diagnosis
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NND_ND
Inherited Retinal Dystrophies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IRD
Minimal Standard Terminology of Digestive Endoscopy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSTDE
SNOMED CT
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SNOMEDCT
SATO (IDEAS expAnded wiTh BCIO): workflow for designers of patient-centered mobile health behaviour change intervention applications
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SATO
Genome Variation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GVO
Heart Failure Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HFO
Landform classifiers
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LANDFORM
Breast Cancer Staging - 7th Edition
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCS7
Chemical Process
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PROCCHEMICAL
Ontology of Datatypes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODT
NND_Clinical_history
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NND_CH
Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Standard Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFSTD
An Ontology for Collection and Analysis of COviD-19 Data
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CODO
Soy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOY
Ontology of Language Disorder in Autism
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LDA
Library of Congress Genre/Form Thesaurus for Library and Archival Materials
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LCGFT
Integrated Ontology for Symptom Phenotype Terminologies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISPO
Placental Cell Type
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATCT
Apollo Structured Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APOLLO-SV
Tanya 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEST_IDKWHATIMDO
Chemotherapy Toxicities Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOTOX
Neural Motor Recovery Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEUMORE
Human-Aware Science Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HASCO
Software Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SWO
Ontology of Biological and Clinical Statistics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBCS
Mobile Genetic Element Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEGO
MicroRNA Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIRNAO
Bro_Name
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRO_ACRONYM
Fly Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-SP
NMDC Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NMDCO
Radiology Lexicon
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RADLEX
MGB Drug List
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MGBD
VODANA KENYA
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANAKENYA
Image and Data Quality Assessment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDQA
Dublin Core Collection Description Frequency Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCCDFV
Galen Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GALEN
HeLiFit-Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HELIFIT
NHS Quality Indicators
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NHSQI2009
Ontology of Genes and Genomes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGG
Biomedical Research Integrated Domain Group Model
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRIDG
Body System Terms from ICD11
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD11-BODYSYSTEM
VIVO Ontology for Researcher Discovery
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VIVO
DATACITE V4.4
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DATACITE-VOCAB
Adverse Event Reporting Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AERO
CHEBI Integrated Role Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHIRO
Breast Cancer Staging - 8th Edition
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCS8
Systems Biology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SBO
Human Developmental Anatomy Ontology, abstract version 1
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EHDAA
SI Public Health Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SI-PH-ONT
Cell Cycle Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCO
Indian Terrorism Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INTO
Payment Mode
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PAYMENTMODE
Animal Health Ontology for Livestock
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AHOL
MFO Mental Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MFOMD
Ontology of Liver for Radiology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONLIRA
NLighten Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NLN
Gazetteer
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GAZ
Vertebrate Trait Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VT
The Ecosystem Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECSO
Assaynode
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ASSAYNODE
Maize Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZEA
SMASH Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SMASH
Protein-ligand interaction ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PLIO
Ontology for Genetic Interval
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGI
Crop Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CO
International Classification of  External Causes of Injuries
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICECI
Ontology of Pneumology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOPNEUMO
Ontology of Information System on Live Births
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOSINASC
Provenance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PROVO
HGNC New Releases Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HGNC-NR
Uganda_diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UGANDA_DISEASES
NIDM-Results
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIDM-RESULTS
Chinese Diabetes Mellitus Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CDO
Read Codes, Clinical Terms Version 3 (CTV3) 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RCD
Epigenetic Entity
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPIE
test-m4m20-subjects-pav
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEST-M4M20-PAV
Units of Measurement Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UO
FlyGlycoDB
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FLYGLYCODB
Bricks ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BKO
MARC List for Languages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MARC-LANGUAGES
Parkinson's Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDON
Breast Cancer Grading Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCGO
Neomark Oral Cancer Ontology, version 3
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEOMARK3
OWL_XML_Tool5
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FDSAJFAHSJK
SugarBind
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SUGARBIND
Biolink Model
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIOLINK
FAIR Data Train Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FDT-O
Autism DSM-ADI-R ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADAR
Material
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MATR
FirstOntologyForUMMS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UMMS
MEdical LifeLog Ontology for people with Disability
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MELLO-D
BioMedical Study Lifecycle Management
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BMS-LM
OSIRIS-REx sample analysis workgroups
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OREX-WG
Brucellosis Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDOBRU
Ontology for SARS-CoV-2  lineages and mutations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SARSMUTONTO
Breast Tissue Cell Lines Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCBCC
Dictyostelium Discoideum Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DDPHENO
Biological Resource Schema Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRSO
Therapeutic Antibody Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TAON
Xenopus Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XPO
Case-base ontology for gastric dystemperament in Persian medicine
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CASE-BASE-ONTO
Charlotte
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GENEVIEVE
Fern Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FO
INCENTIVE Community Controlled Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INCENTIVE
HNS_Ontolgoy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HNS
Role Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ROLEO
Magnetic Resonance Dataset Acquisition Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-MR-DA
Dermatology Lexicon
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DERMLEX
Kidney Tissue Atlas Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/KTAO
Ontology of Drug Neuropathy Adverse Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ODNAE
The MOSAiC Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOSAIC
Material Organic Compound
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOC
Semantic Types Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/STY
BioTop Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BT
Placental Pathology Lesion Classification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PPLC
Ontology of Alternative Medicine, French
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOMA
HHEAR Properties
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HHEARP
FAST (Faceted Application of Subject Terminology) Event
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAST-EVENT
The Biblioteko Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIBLIOTEK-O
M4M19 Variables
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/M4M19-VARS
Mouse Gross Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EMAP
REGN_BRO
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REGN_BRO
MCHVODANATERMS
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCHVODANATERMS
falls prevention 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FALLS
Imaging Biomarker Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IBO
Cigarette Smoke Exposure Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CSEO
EXTeRnAl Conditions Taxonomy (EXTRACT)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EXTRACT
Human Health Exposure Analysis Resource
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HHEAR
Mass Spectrometry Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MS
Optimization Algorithm Benchmarking Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPTION-ONTOLOGY
Food Interactions with Drugs Evidence Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FIDEO
Pharmacy mock data
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DSIP
Drug Interaction Knowledge Base Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DIKB
Sickle Cell Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SCDO
Neuroscience Domain Insight Graph
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEUDIGS
Virus Infectious Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VIDO
Performed Music Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMO
COPD Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COPDO
Ontology of Consumer Health Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCHV
Fission Yeast Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FYPO
Ontology of Host-Microbe Interactions
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OHMI
Cellular microscopy phenotype ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CMPO
Enzyme Mechanism Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EMO
Consumer Wearable Device
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CWD
The NeIC PaRI beer vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEICBEER
Student Health Record Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SHR
Syrian Cinema
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SYRIAN-CINEMA
cohsi2study
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COHSI2STUDY
Ontology for Newborn Screening Follow-up and Translational Research
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONSTR
Placental Investigative Technique
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATIT
Drug Target Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DTO
Vaccination Informed Consent Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VICO
WEAVE: Wind Energy ActiVitiEs
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WEAVE
Mental Functioning Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MF
Inherited Retinal Dystrophy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HAMIDEHSGH
DCMI Type Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCMITYPE
Medical Educational Resource Aggregator
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MERA
Genomic Feature and Variation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFVO
Ontology for Generic Dataset Metadata Template
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FDC-GDMT
Glycan Naming Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GNO
PatientSafetyOntologyRevisted
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSO_2
Experimental Conditions Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XCO
Vertebrate Taxonomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VTO
Prostate Cancer Lifestyle Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PCALION
InfraRisk Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INFRARISK
Anthology of Biosurveillance Diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ABD
The Data Use Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DUO
Data Catalog Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCAT
Ontology of Chemical Elements
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCE
C. elegans Gross Anatomy Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WB-BT
Culture, Race, Ethnicity and Nationality Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CRENO
Anatomic Ontology for Human Lung Maturation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LUNGMAP-HUMAN
Portfolio Management Application
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMA
Epilepsy and Seizure Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPSO
Synthetic Biology Open Language Visual Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SBOL
Subcellular Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SAO
Women with Epilepsy of Child-bearing Age Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WWECA
Neural ElectroMagnetic Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEMO
Material Element
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MATRELEMENT
Pathogen Transmission Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PTRANS
Common Anatomy Reference Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CARO
Units Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UNITSONT
Neomark Oral Cancer Ontology, version 4
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEOMARK4
Neural-Immune Gene Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIGO
Non-Pharmacological Interventions (NPIs)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NPI
Santa Barbara Coastal Observation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBOE-SBC
Computer Cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APACOMPUTER
Reproductive Trait and Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REPO
Flora Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FLOPO
GBOL
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GBOL
REGN_GO
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REGN_GO
DC Terms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCT
COVID-19OntologyInPatternMedicine
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COVID-19-ONT-PM
Research Variable Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RVO
OCD ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCD
Zebrafish Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZP
APA Treatment Cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APATREATMENT
International Classification of Diseases Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICDO
Human Reference Atlas Common Coordinate Framework Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCF
CEDAR Provisional Classes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CEDARPC
Botryllus schlosseri anatomy and development ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BSAO
Vital Sign Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VSO
kenyaancfile
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/KENYAANC
Habronattus Courtship Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HC
Adverse Childhood Experiences Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ACESO
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMIM
computer network
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CN
VEuPathDB Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EUPATH
Airbus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AIRBUS
BIBFRAME 2.0
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIBFRAME
Monogenean Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MONO
Veterans Health Administration National Drug File
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VANDF
Rheumatoid Arthritis ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RAO
Cognitive Reserves Assessment Tasks
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-TASKS
PaN Experimental technique
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PANET
Medical Imaging and Diagnostic Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIDO
Material Mineral
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MINERAL
HL7 FHIR and SSN ontology based Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FASTO
VODANANIGERIA
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANANIGERIA
Interaction Network Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INO
Physical Activity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PACO
DCMI Metadata Terms: properties in /terms/ namespace
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCTERMS
A formal representation of the knowledge within the domain of Isotopes for Food Science
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO-FOOD
Cell Ontology for Mouse Lung Maturation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LUNGMAP_M_CELL
BioMedBridges Diabetes Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DIAB
Mathematical Modelling Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MAMO
Material Natural Resource 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MNR
Environmental conditions, treatments and exposures ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECTO
Multiple sclerosis ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSO
Clinical Signs and Symptoms Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CSSO
Obstetric and Neonatal Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTONEO
Tephra M4M Example
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEPHRAM4MEXAMPLE
Biomedical Image Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIM
Cardiac Electrophysiology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EP
Combined Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UPHENO
Infection Transmission Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INFECTION_TRANS
OPDZimbabwe
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPDZIMBABWE
Oualid
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TP4
TDWG Specimen LSID Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TDWGSPEC
Example Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EO1
FAIR Genomes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FG
Syndromic Surveillance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SSO
Amphibian Taxonomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ATO
Uber Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UBERON
Emotion Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MFOEM
Emergency care ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOLURGENCES
Continuity of care
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CONTSONTO
Planarian Anatomy and Developmental Stage Ontolgoy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PLANA
Allotrope Merged Ontology Suite
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AFO
Cancer Research and Management ACGT Master Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ACGT-MO
Terminological and Ontological Knowledge Resources Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TOK
Neuron Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NPOKB
Unipathway
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UPA
EthiopianListOfDiseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ELD
ISO 19115 Citation Information
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115CI
Minimal Information about any Sequence Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIXS
Medical Action Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MAXO
Medaka Fish Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MFO
PGxO
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PGXO
Mapping of Drug Names and MeSH 2022
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MDM
Ontology for Representing CDM Semantics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ORCS
Probabilistic Knowledge Assembly Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PANDA
Hearing Impairment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIO
Eligibility Feature Hierarchy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ELIG
Ontology of Genes and Genomes - Mouse
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGG-MM
Statistics Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/STATO
Pathway Terminology System
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PTS
Chemical Methods Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHMO
FAST (Faceted Access of Subject Terminology) GenreForm
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAST-GENREFORM
Evidence and Conclusion Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECO
Body in Numbers project terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIN
ISO 19115 Common Classes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115CC
WEAR: Wind Energy mAteRials Taxonomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WEAR
Epigenetic Process
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPIP
Macroalgae Traits Thesaurus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MACROALGAETRAITS
alzhaimer dessiese main factors
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADMF
International Society for the Study of Vascular Anomalies (ISSVA) Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISSVA
Ethnicity Ontoloy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EO
Pathogenic Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDO
Health Ontology for Minority Equity
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HOME
CNO_NAME
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CNO_ACRONYM
Diagnosis Ontology of Clinical Care Classification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DOCCC
CPT - Current Procedural Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPT
Dataset processing
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-DP
HMIS 033
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HMIS033B
APA Tests and Testing cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APATANDT
Sage Bionetworks Synapse Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SYN
Ontology of Chinese Medicine for Rheumatism
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCMR
legalapa
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LEGALAPA
Sample Processing and Separation Techniques Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SEP
APA Occupational and Employment cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APAOCUEMPLOY
Human Developmental Anatomy Ontology, abstract version 2
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EHDAA2
Anatomical Entity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AEO
Named Entity Recognition Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NERO
Atlas Ontology Model
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ATOM
Enzyme Reaction Ontology for annotating Partial Information of chemical transformation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PIERO
Ontologia de Saúde Mental
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OSM
Material Rock Igneouus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MATRROCKIGNEOUS
Orphanet Rare Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ORDO
Orthology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ORTH
Regulation of Transcription Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RETO
Livestock Breed Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LBO
Infectious Diseases and Antimicrobial Resistance
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ID-AMR
Geographical Entity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GEO
Ontology for ELEctronic tool for Clinicians, Trainers and Researchers In Child Abuse
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ELECTRICA
EDAM Bioimaging Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EDAM-BIOIMAGING
Head and Neck Cancer Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HENECON
Information Artifact Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IAO
Animal Natural History and Life History Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADW
Ontology of Physical Exercises
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPE
Unoffical NeIC Organisation Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEIC-ONTO
Kinetic Simulation Algorithm Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/KISAO
ISO 639-1: Codes for the Representation of Names of Languages - Part 1: Two-letter codes for languages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO639-1
The Drug-Drug Interactions Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DINTO
Devices, Experimental scaffolds and Biomaterials Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DEB
NanoParticle Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NPO
OntoBioStat
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBS
injury process description ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IPD
Human Reference Atlas Value Set
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HRAVS
Pharmacovigilance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PVONTO
Human Phenotype Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HP
VODANADiseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANADISEASES
Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTX
PLOS Thesaurus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PLOSTHES
ETHIOPIA_OUTPATIENT
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANETHIOPIA_OR
Name Reaction Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RXNO
Spatial Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BSPO
An ontology of core ecological entities
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECOCORE
Allen Brain Atlas (ABA) Adult Mouse Brain Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ABA-AMB
ISO 19115 Reference Systems
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115SRS
Mosquito Insecticide Resistance
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIRO
Anatomic Ontology for Mouse Lung Maturation
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LUNGMAP-MOUSE
Ontology for Process-Based Modeling of Dynamical Systems (OntoPBM)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOPBM
Bionutrition Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BNO
Performance Summary Display Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSDO
Cereal Plant Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GRO-CPD
The Echinoderm Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECAO
EMIF-AD ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EMIF-AD
Coping Strategies for Adverse Drug Events Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CS
Traditional Medicine Meridian Value Sets
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-MER
Animal Health Surveillance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AHSO
Wheat Trait Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CO-WHEAT
Nursing Interventions Classification
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIC
Coleoptera Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COLAO
OPD Register Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPDRONT
Ethiopian OPD
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ETHOPD
eNanoMapper
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ENM
OntoFood
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OF
Mammography Screening Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MAMO-SCR-ONTO
Cardiovascular Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CVDO
Growth Medium Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GMO
COMODI
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COMODI
Syrian Movies Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SMO
LipidOntology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LION
ISO 19115 Identification Information
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115ID
RRB Group D
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RGD
ETHIOPIANC
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ETANC
VODANAFACILITIESLIST
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VODANAMFLCODE
Fish Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FISHO
Integrative and Conjugative Element Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICEO
Diagnostic Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DIAGONT
Orthologous Group Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGROUP
NeuroBridge Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEUROBRG
Semantic Web for Earth and Environment Technology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SWEET
Adherence and Integrated Care in Spanish
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADHER_INTCARE_SP
Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP) Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SNPO
Epoch Clinical Trial Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTONT
Plant Phenology Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PPO
Animal Trait Ontology for Livestock
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ATOL
Pneumonia Diagnosis Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PNADO
Porifera Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PORO
Foundational Model of Anatomy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FMA
Soil Profile classifiers
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOIL-PROF
Dementia-Related Agitation Non-Pharmacological Treatment Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DRANPTO
Cryo Electron Microscopy
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CRYOEM
Symptom Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SYMP
Cell Behavior Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CBO
NeuroMorpho.Org species ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NMOSP
OSIRIS-REx Analytical Technique
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/O-REXTECH
Library of Congress Carriers Scheme
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LC-CARRIERS
FamPlex
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FPLX
Terminology for the Description of Dynamics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEDDY
ZonMW Administrative Metadata Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZONMW-ADMIN-MD
LC BIBFRAME 2.0 Vocabulary Extension
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BFLC
mini fast test
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MINI-FAST-1
Brain-Computer Interaction (BCI) Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCI-O
Exposure Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EXO
Early Pregnancy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPO
Content Archive Resource Exchange Lexicon
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CARELEX
Host Pathogen Interactions Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HPIO
Interview Mode
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INTVMODE
BioAssay Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BAO
Mouse Adult Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MA
Molecular Interaction Map
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIM
Research Network and Patient Registry Inventory Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RNPRIO
Computer-Based Patient Record Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPRO
Public Health Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PUBLIC-HEALTH
Human Ancestry Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HANCESTRO
go-plus
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GO-PLUS
International Classification for Patient Safety
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICPS
suicideonto
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/suicideo
Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Cell Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFCELL
Pipeline Patterns Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PP
INCENTIVE Variables
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INCENTIVE-VARS
Graphical Pathway Markup Language
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GPML
Systems Chemical Biology and Chemogenomics Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEMBIO
Molgula oculata Anatomy and Development Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MOOCULADO
M4M.20 FAIRWare Variables
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/M4M-20-VARIABLES
An ontology for experimental actions
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EXACT
Spinal Cord Injury Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SCIO
Antibiotic Resistance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ARO
COKPME - COVID19 Ontology for analyzing the Karnataka Private Medical Establishments Data  
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COKPME
HECON: Health Condition Evolution Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HECON
Clytia hemisphaerica Development and Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CLYH
Teleost Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TAO
Coronavirus Infectious Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CIDO
International Classification of Wellness
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICW
Vertebrate Skeletal Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VSAO
An Ontology for Indian Biodiversity Knowledge Management
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INBIODIV
Placental Maternal Health Conditions
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATMHC
Beta Cell Genomics Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBI_BCGO
SMART Protocols
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SP
Electronic Care Plan
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECP
ISO-15926-2_2003_inverseRoles
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INVERSEROLES
Clinical Study Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CSO
Zebrafish Experimental Conditions Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZECO
gfdgfdhdfg
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFDHFGHDFGH
C. elegans Development Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WB-LS
Current Procedural Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTP
Library of Congress Demographic Group Terms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LCDGT
ISO-15926-2_2003_oil
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO-15926-2_2003
Clinical Trials Ontology - Neurodegenerative Diseases
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTO-NDD
REPRODUCE-ME
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REPRODUCE-ME
Epilepsy Syndrome Seizure Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ESSO
Dispedia Core Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCO
ETHANC
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ETHANC
Arctic Report Card
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ARCRC
Proteomics Data and Process Provenance Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PROPREO
Population and Community Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PCO
Vaccineresearchdata
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VRD
Data Science Education Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DSEO
Suggested Ontology for Pharmacogenomics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOPHARM
MedlinePlus Health Topics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDLINEPLUS
Ontology of Homology and Related Concepts in Biology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HOM
National Drug File - Reference Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NDFRT
Clinical Trials Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTO
Ontology of Experimental Variables and Values
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OOEVV
Neurodegenerative Disease Data Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NDDO
Nursing Care Coordination Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCCO
PAV Provenance, Authoring and Versioning
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PAV
Enzyme Structure Function Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ESFO
Phylogenetic Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHYLONT
Gene Ontology Extension
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GO-EXT
Diabetes Mellitus Diagnosis and Support Ontology 
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DMDSONT
Reusable Biodiversity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RDO
SELECTED OTHER PRIORITY DISEASES UNDER IDSR (INTEGRATED DISEASE SURVEILLANCE AND RESPONSES)
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPD-NAMBOBI
Medical Technology Innovation in healthcare centers
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ITEMAS
Sequence Types and Features Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SO
Ontology for Biomedical Investigations
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBI
Mouse Developmental Stages
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MMUSDV
Genome Component Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GCO
APA Neuro Cluster
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APANEUROCLUSTER
Vaccine Investigation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VIO
Ontology for Nutritional Studies
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONS
Ontology of Microbial Phenotypes
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMP
NEAT: wiNd Energy tAxonomy of Topics
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WETAXTOPICS
Physician Data Query
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDQ
Drosophila Gross Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-BT
Bileltest
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BILELTEST
Fanconi Anemia Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IFAR
Gene Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GO
COVID-19 Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COVID-19
Plant Stress Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PLANTSO
Non Clinical Determinants of Health
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/N-CDOH
Basic Formal Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BFO
Major Histocompatibility Complex Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MHC
The RDF Schema vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RDFS
GlycanBind
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GB
Dependency Layered Ontology for Radiation Oncology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DLORO
Plant Diversity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDO_CAS
The Drug Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DRON
The Stroke Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/STO-DRAFT
ISO 19108 Temporal Objects
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19108TO
Human Developmental Stages Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HSAPDV
Mental State Assessment
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-MSA
VIVO-Integrated Semantic Framework
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VIVO-ISF
Biodiversity Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BOF
Sleep Domain Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SDO
Land Surface classifiers
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LAND-SURFACE
Natural Products Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NATPRO
OntoRepliCov
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOREPLICOV
Neuro Behavior Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NBO
Traditional Chinese Drug Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TCDO
RDA Content type
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RDA-CONTENT
OntoAvida: ontology for Avida digital evolution platform
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOAVIDA
Gender, Sex, and Sexual Orientation Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GSSO
Pediatric Terminology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PEDTERM
Allergy Detector II
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ALLERGYDETECTOR
EarthCube M4M Metadata Vocabulary
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECM4M-MD-VOCABS
insectH
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INSECTH
Dictyostelium Discoideum Anatomy Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DDANAT
Just Enough Results Model Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/JERM
Sensitive Data Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SENSO
Social Determinants of Health Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOHO
Plant Experimental Conditions Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PECO
Prostate Cancer Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PCAO
Genomics Cohorts Knowledge Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GECKO
Ontology of Cardiovascular Drug Adverse Events
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCVDAE
Human Dermatological Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DERMO
NCCN EHR Oncology Categories
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCCNEHR
PhenX Phenotypic Terms
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHENX
Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine, International Version
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SNMI
ISO 19115 Date Type Code
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ISO19115DTC
Electrocardiography Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECG
Plant Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PO
Dental Restorative Material Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DRMO
Covid19 Impact on Banking Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COVID19-IBO
Mondo Disease Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MONDO
Cephalopod Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CEPH
Hypertension Ontology
https://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HTN
